Uninstall nx and remove related packages and files (#672)
Amsterdam/meldingen-frontend: docs/0006-monorepo-tooling.md

By separating our code like this, we hope to stimulate organizing our source code and logic into smaller,
more focused and highly cohesive units.

## PNPM

> We use [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/) as package manager of our monorepo. It uses workspaces to manage dependecies
> and let them interact with each other. Previously we used NX to manage our monorepo but faced a lot of issues
> and inconsistencies with it. Therefore we moved to PNPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [PNPM](https://pnpm.io/) as the package manager for our monorepo.
It uses workspaces to manage multiple projects inside a single repository.
PNPM allows you to easily define scripts in the root which you can run for all apps.

We used NX to handle our monorepo before, but we encountered many problems and inconsistencies. So, we switched to PNPM.
```
